# 4474-Project

The system in question that will be redesigned is a simple flight simulation video game. The graphical theme of the game is limited to low poly models to improve frame rate and accessibility on small devices. The player controls a fighter aircraft with semi-realistic controls which features motions such as pitch, roll, yaw, throttle, gear control etc. The game also features some of the realistic aerodynamic physics such as drag, stalling and landing etc. Players can upgrade the aircraft through currency obtained in game to upgrade the performance of the aircraft. 

There are two game modes for the players to choose from, the race mode, where players try to complete a lap through the rings as fast as possible, and a combat mode, where the player tries to survive hordes of enemy helicopters. The race mode is simple, fly through the rings as fast as possible and try to beat your best record. In the combat mode, the player needs to fire missiles against the enemy helicopters while dodging the enemy’s missiles and try to beat as many as possible before perishing.

To avoid players getting lost, the game features a how to play page in the main menu. To improve the gaming experience, the game also features an upgrade page which allows the players to improve the performance of their aircraft. The in-game UI consists of a horizon indicator that doubles as the crosshair, a health indicator, a throttle indicator and a timer at the top for the race mode. Sound effects are present for music, engine sound, missile firing and object exploding.
